docs(chart): improve bundle optimization section in Chart element (#793)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/chart.md

);
```

> Another example is to import only required modules for creating doughnut chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example is to use center label plugin for creating doughnut chart.
```

Reviewer: The purpose of this example is showing how to use our plugin, so I want to keep 'center label plugin' message to notice.

);
```

## Localisation

> To localise date time in chart, you need a utility library, [date-fns](https://date-fns.org), and set the localiser to `adapters.date` in `options.scales[scaleId]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To localise date time in chart, you can use a utility library, [date-fns](https://date-fns.org), and set the localiser to `adapters.date` in `options.scales[scaleId]`.
```

Reviewer: Our package has date-fns using in datetime-picker, I want to lead a user that he has no installation required option.
